What us Juju?
juju aims to be a service deployment and orchestration tool.
It enables the same kind of collaboration and ease of use which is seen around package management to happen on a higher level, around services. 


With juju, different authors are able to create services independently, and make those services communicate through a simple configuration protocol. 

Then, users can take the product of both authors and very comfortably deploy those services in an environment, in way resembling how people are able to install a network of packages with a single command via APT.

About my talk:- 

Cloud ninjas got charms with Juju



Before i begin!!

        Bad news!!
              I will not be showing the demo!!
        Good news!!
              We will have saperate BOF for that


1. what is juju

2. Compontents of Juju
        --- juju core
        --- charms

3. How is juju different?
              --- Installing wordpress
                         Traditional way :- 
                                           1. Install LAMP stack
                                           2. Manually configure the database and test if all works.

                         Configuration management system :-
                                            1. Install a Tool
                                            2. Test if its installed propely.
                                            3. Learn a new language
                                            4. Test again if the configuration promise/recipes are correct and works.
 
                         Juju way :- 
                                            1. Download wordpress and its deps charms from charms repository. 
                                            2. Deploy it.
4. Juju workflow
5. Installing Juju
            --- LXC
            --- AWS
                                            
                                             

6. charms
      --- what is it?
      --- anatomy of charms
      --- writing custom charm
     
7. Demo (during BOF)
8. Q&A
9. Roadmap ahead.


